jimmy-brian/README.md, before:

# SQL and PostgreSQL

**Author**: Brian Nelson & Jimmy Nguyen
**Version**: 1.0.1

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->
This lab teaches us to use PostgreSQL to store and query articles.

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->
1. Copy starter code
2. Make their own folder
3. Install PostgreSQL
4. Fill in SQL commands

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->
HTML, Javascript, CSS, SQL

## Change Log
<!-- Use this are to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with GET and POST routes for the book resource. -->

09-13-2018 10:34 - Verified app can properly query the DB
09-13-2018 10:20 - SQL query now retrives all articles from the DB
09-13-2018 9:59 - Removed all JSON exporting code
09-13-2018 9:43 - Passed argument to instantiate a new client
09-13-3018 9:39 - Completed the connection string
09-13-2018 9:34 - Installed and required the NPM PostgreSQL package pg in the server.js file
09-13-2018 9:06 - Set up environment, copied starter code


## Credits and Collaborations
Code Fellows - starter code

Commit message:

finished comments and updated readme

jimmy-brian/README.md, after:

# SQL and PostgreSQL

**Author**: Brian Nelson & Jimmy Nguyen
**Version**: 1.2.1

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->
This lab teaches us to use PostgreSQL to store and query articles.

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->
1. Copy starter code
2. Make their own folder
3. Install PostgreSQL
4. Fill in SQL commands

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->
HTML, Javascript, CSS, SQL

## Change Log
<!-- Use this are to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with GET and POST routes for the book resource. -->

09-13-2018 11:36am - finished the comments and updated readme.
09-13-2018 11:24am - finished and verified delete query
09-13-2018 11:17am - finished and verified update query
09-13-2018 10:34am - Verified app can properly query the DB
09-13-2018 10:20am - SQL query now retrives all articles from the DB
09-13-2018 9:59am - Removed all JSON exporting code
09-13-2018 9:43am - Passed argument to instantiate a new client
09-13-3018 9:39am - Completed the connection string
09-13-2018 9:34am - Installed and required the NPM PostgreSQL package pg in the server.js file
09-13-2018 9:06am - Set up environment, copied starter code


## Credits and Collaborations
Code Fellows - starter code
